Add README troubleshooting (#9)
palantir/ontology-starter-react-app: README.md

1. Run `npm run build`
1. Upload the resulting `dist/` directory to your hosting solution.

## Troubleshooting

### Help! `npm ERR! code E401` / `401 Unauthorized`

When following the instructions in the Foundry Developer Console make sure to set up your Foundry API token in your local machine environment correctly in order to install your application's Ontology SDK via the application-specific NPM registry.

> ### Help! `npm ERR! code SELF_SIGNED_CERT_IN_CHAIN` / `UNABLE_TO_GET_ISSUER_CERT_LOCALLY`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### I'm seeing `npm ERR! code SELF_SIGNED_CERT_IN_CHAIN` / `UNABLE_TO_GET_ISSUER_CERT_LOCALLY` when running `npm run dev`
```
